(GH-1481) Add deprecation message for Target.new(<uri>, <options>) (#1501)
puppetlabs/bolt: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Bolt Next

### Deprecations

> * **WARNING**: Support for plan method `Target.new(<uri>, <options>)` will be dropped in the near future. The plan method `Target.new(<options>)`, where `options` is a hash of target data and config, should be used instead.

Reviewer: Ok, I think the best approach is to wait until #1522 is merged and do "Use `Target.new(<options>)`, where `options` is a hash of target data and config, instead. See [the docs](link-to-writing-plans-page) for more information and examples.

## Bolt NEXT

### Deprecations

> * **WARNING**: Support for plan method `Target.new(<uri>, <options>)` will be dropped in the near future. The plan method `Target.new(<uri>)` should be used instead.

Reviewer: I think we want users to use an options hash, like `Target.new('uri' => <uri>, 'config' => { 'ssh' => { 'port' => '23' } })`

### Deprecations and removals

* **The install_agent plugin has been officially removed.** The `install_agent` plugin was deprecated in version 1.35 in favor of the `puppet_agent` plugin, and is now removed. The plugins have the exact same behavior.

> * **Support for plan method `Target.new(<uri>, <options>)` will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Use `Target.new(<config>)`, where `config` is a hash with the same structure used to define targets in the inventory V2 file. See [the docs](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/writing_plans.html#creating-target-objects) for more information and examples.

Reviewer: This still needs an additional deprecation notice for the `options` hash key for `Target.new()`.

### Bug fixes

* **SSH commands will run from the home directory of the run-as user, not the connected user** ([#1518](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/pull/1518))

>   Connecting via SSH and then switching users will now run as though it had connected as the new user in the first place, using that user's home directory as the working directory.

Reviewer: We (Heston, Alex, and I at least) prefer these stay broken over multiple lines. It makes git diffs easier to read and editing easier.

  have the exact same behavior.

* **Support for plan method `Target.new(<uri>, <options>)` will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Use 
  `Target.new(<config>)`, where `config` is a hash with the same structure used to define targets in 
  the inventory V2 file. See [the docs](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/writing_plans.html#creating-target-objects) 
  for more information and examples.

* **Support for plan method `Target.new` with an `options` hash key will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Use 
  `Target.new(<config>)`, where `config` is a hash with the same structure used to define targets in 
  the inventory V2 file. See [the docs](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/writing_plans.html#creating-target-objects) 
  for more information and examples.

### Bug fixes

* **SSH commands will run from the home directory of the run-as user, not the connected user** ([#1518](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/pull/1518))

  Connecting via SSH and then switching users will now run as though it had
  connected as the new user in the first place, using that user's home
  directory as the working directory.

>   

Reviewer: Woops, extra space

  deprecated in version 1.35 in favor of the `puppet_agent` plugin, and is now removed. The plugins
  have the exact same behavior.

* **Support for plan method `Target.new(<uri>, <options>)` will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Use 
  `Target.new(<config>)`, where `config` is a hash with the same structure used to define targets in 
  the inventory V2 file. See [the docs](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/writing_plans.html#creating-target-objects) 
  for more information and examples.

> * **Support for plan method `Target.new` with an `options` hash key will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Support for `options` key in the hash parameter for `Target.new()` plan function will be dropped ** Use 
```

* **Support for the v1 inventory files will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Inventory files [can be migrated](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/migrating_inventory_files.html) automatically using the `bolt project migrate` command.

> * **Support for plan method `Target.new(<uri>, <options>)` will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** The plan method `Target.new(<options>)`, where `options` is a hash of target data and config, should be used instead. See [the docs](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/writing_plans.html#creating-target-objects) for more information and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Support for plan method `Target.new(<uri>, <options>)` will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Use `Target.new(<options>)`, where `options` is a hash with the same structure used to define targets in the inventory V2 file. See [the docs](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/writing_plans.html#creating-target-objects) for more information and examples.
```

* **Support for the v1 inventory files will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Inventory files [can be migrated](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/migrating_inventory_files.html) automatically using the `bolt project migrate` command.

> * **Support for plan method `Target.new(<uri>, <options>)` will be dropped in Bolt 2.0.** Use `Target.new(<options>)`, where `options` is a hash with the same structure used to define targets in the inventory V2 file. See [the docs](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/writing_plans.html#creating-target-objects) for more information and examples.

Reviewer: This is a duplicate
